The space thingy

An invasion of alien races happen through a portal :D
They give us 5 years, to fuck off, cause they want the space.
Note that it's by their callendar xD, which we think is 157 days.
At first contact they sent you their plans for the next 5 years,
every year an attack will come.

I'm a supreme commander designated to protect human race. 

1) I can in that year create an alliance with other races, or 
destroy them and take their resources. Or just focus on my base and 
build strong base. Basicaly screw around a bit.
2) And when they attack i have to defend well. 
3) Profit.

All is fair in war (and love).

May the best race win.

-- Commander


Goal is to make
action packed bullet hell space defense game.3
1) cool ai
2) space army
3) building and resource managment
optional) ground army fight in captial spaceships and stations
4) make small temporary alliances with other Ai for certain battles.
In other words, buy them to help you with forces or resources.
5) Multiple races(rather mercenaries) of different colors, 
with basic ai goals.

Defend the station by building correct buildings to counter the enemy, 
and designating attack directions.
Keep up the procduction and the resources. 
Increase the size of the station to expand your defenses.

Optional:
Incoming droppods with troops. They can be destroyed.
Defend the station on the ground, by combination of ground troops on station
and on capital ships.


Resources:
supplies(water, food, basic necessites) -- how many people can ship take

weapon slots(3 tiers, like cannons)

weapons(3 teirs of ship cannons(small, medium, big), 
optional:marine,anything pickable)

energy(electricity, gold(ore, oil)) -- keep it relatively simple

buildings(unit production(engine, hull engineers, aeronawtics, pilots/ai), 
weapons making(weapon engineers), science)



-------------------------

Here are some random thoughs you thought of while browsing the web:
robot vacuum cleaners

wireless recharging

attacked by the zombies makes the girl and her brother haywire

molecular magic would increase or decrease the pull between atoms, which could be use 
to form giagantic water drops or atomic explosions

dystopian dark, steampunk, apocalyptic assainscreed style heroine in black steampunk outfit.

animegirl unserious rpg

girl stays at home

girl explores the space station

"they dislike warmongers" because they are weak?

graveyard with the undead rising in the moonlight.

chainmailed assasin

". . .And she never got her head out of that pumpkin, some say that every Halloween she haunts families while they carve their pumpkins. THE END"

persian clothes are cool(movie version)

egyptian godlike kings gets kneeled when attacking the other world

witchcraft

water and electricity works only because of small peices of minerals in water. pure water is isolant.

giagantic storm, like that eye on jupiter, with size of multiple earths, eats the earth. citizens must evacuate.

karisava from durara faking zombie, lol

rain destroys crops of lettuce. so the prices go up, because caoutry has to import it from other place