

= 6.2.2016 minigame, from curernt content=
shoot at incoming enemies while defending the city - the barricade.
barricade gets pushed back and ultimatly rescued by the alien transformation.


magical beigns attacked the city from the other dimansional portal. government military doesn't care about some civilians, 
they are busy with pirate lead revolution.
so the locals have to survive on their own until someone comes to save them, or they find a way off the world.
as they figth, the strain on the 3 transforms them and they learn of the past of their race.
private military force of some rich guy, scan finds out one of them once 
they are saved. he does it under contract that everyone who is saved becomes his worker(#slave) for life.
or some guy like sheppard comes to save them and takes the girls with him after the scan fails. then they sepparate.

and also the beings attacked on premotion that the humans are weak in body. the weak humans are looked down upon, as they aren't strong once they die cursed.
remember, the curse begins to spread to this world too.

= ever evolving =
the doors into basement have scratches on them. sometimes they get fixed. or new ones appear.
walls also get destroyed and fixed, from robots or others.

= by notes =
dad takes in infants after the war. he thinks of it to reedem to himself.
Also the kids have someone to hang out with. he also can't stop making small experiments on them.

= prologue =

the girl and her sister and brother are an alien from an annihilated race. she find it out.
older sister already left on a rampage, after learning about it, and the brother is still too 
small.
after a while she decides to go out in the world. she wants to see what the world is like,
before putting the blame on the destroyers of her race. Brother stays at home with the dad.

The one who saved is an old researcher, who served in war as the collector. most of his work
was stolen by his superior, and when he complained, he lost connection to his wife. powerless 
and angry, as he contemplates suicide, making a few nukes, or haywiring the ai for mass murder, 
he encounters and alien, who tried to keep him off the eggs it hid. 
He snaps, comparing the humans who bully him and the alien he has to hunt. he decided to 
raise the aliens in secret. after the war ends, he returns and nurtures the eggs, and 
make a few aliens born.

girl begins her journey from her small port house, on the edge of the port. 
her first destination is the port. she pays dad's friend to take her with her.

girls these days use combination of transformation magic and holograps to look great.